Update data-processing-tools.md (#718)
publiccodenet/about: organization/data-processing-tools.md

Tentoo's [General Terms and Conditions](https://www.tentoo.nl/images/downloads/Generaltermsandconditions_TentooPartners.pdf) say that Tentoo doesn't process data outside the European Economic Area (EEA):

> 6.1 Tentoo will only process the Personal Data in the European Economic Area (EEA), and will ensure that no processing actions at all take place outside the EEA, unless Tentoo has obtained the Client’s explicit, written consent to this.

## Odoo

> We use Odoo Community for its CRM functionality and project management pipelines for our codebases and membership development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Odoo Community for customer relationship management (CRM) and project management for our codebases and membership development.
```

> Opus VL's describes its [data processing activities in their privacy policy](https://opusvl.com/privacy-policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opus VL's data processing activities are described in their [privacy policy](https://opusvl.com/privacy-policy).
```

Reviewer: More urgent concern: this privacy policy is for the opusvl.com website, not for hosting provided by OpusVL the company.

Reviewer 2: So this needs to be resolved first @demkodo

> > As a Data Controller, our activities are covered in our Privacy Policy, which has been updated in accordance to GDPR. This policy explains as clearly as possible what data we process, why we process it, and how we do it. Closely related to this, our Security Policy explains the security best practices we implemented at Odoo, at all levels (technical and organizational) in order to guarantee that your data is processed in a safe and secure manner.

Reviewer: I've added the hyperlinks from the original.
```suggestion
> As a Data Controller, our activities are covered in our [Privacy Policy](https://www.odoo.com/privacy), which has been updated in accordance to GDPR. This policy explains as clearly as possible what data we process, why we process it, and how we do it. Closely related to this, our [Security Policy](https://www.odoo.com/security) explains the security best practices we implemented at Odoo, at all levels (technical and organizational) in order to guarantee that your data is processed in a safe and secure manner.
```
